question - Why does this architecture avoid repeated encoder computation?
answer baseline- precompute encoder hidden states

answer precisely framing
answer hidden state - The encoder is a persistent semantic computation engine.(with proper query framing and mentioning when latent memory begins and ends)
answer hidden state - A Hidden-State Alternative to Traditional RAG Systems(with proper query framing and mentioning when context begins and ends)

answer hidden state(answer in your own words ) 
The encoder is a persistent semantic computation engine.
The encoder is a persistent semantic computation engine.(using the context above, explain why)
The encoder is a persistent semantic computation engine.(explain main idea)
no(when answer precisely replaced with answer yes or no)
chunks used 2

intruction - using context answer precisely ,chunks used 5, 
The encoder is a reusable semantic computation artifact.
chunks used 10(means raw token count is not the bottleneck the amount of concepts is)
The encoder is a persistent semantic computation engine.
chunks used 12 meaning whole readme
answer - The architecture proposes: Latent semantic memory is a semantic computation artifact that can be reused and reused.

without any latent memory added   if asked to answer in yes or no does it correctly.

latent memory is 11th block output meaning intermediate, query is same final output hidden state .
 answer - ulciserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrur
erieserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrurerieserrureri....

output of 12th layer block hidden state is  
The encoder is a persistent semantic computation engine.


chunks used 2,1
semantic_interference_test_document
Question - How does neuron  stars form?

baseline - after supernova explosions
hidden answer - a fusion reaction(asked it to answer precisely in propmt , asked it to answer in own words)

in 3 ,4 chunks hidden state answer - (.) a single dot 
baseline - supernova explosions.
repeating query in encoder hidden sate propmt didnt chnage answers.

chunks used 3
here after disabling beam search 
answer - a system of atoms interacting with each other.
chunks used 2
answer - atomic nuclei
again reran chunks used 3 answer -(.)
again reran chunks 3 answer - Using a computer's architecture, it is possible to use a computer's
 architecture to construct an algorithm for calculating the size of an object.